The prediction of capital inflow and outflow is of great significance to the liquidity risk management of open-end funds  

The research is not only of great significance to yu'ebao itself, but also plays an important role in the liquidity management of open-end funds.  

Open-end fund is a kind of investment fund that allows fund share holders to purchase or redeem their own fund shares at any time. Its redemption mechanism not only gives its liquidity advantage, but also brings related risks.

When investors redeem fund units, especially large amount of centralized redemption, fund managers may suffer losses because they cannot realize their assets at a suitable price. In economics, this mismatch between assets and liabilities in liquidity is called liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is a great threat to the safe operation of open-end funds. Redemption risk has the greatest impact on open-end funds: first of all, large-scale redemption reduces the controllable funds of open-end funds. In order to cope with the redemption of investors, fund managers have to realize their assets, which will affect the return and net value of the fund. If fund managers increase the proportion of risk-free investment in response to the redemption of investors, this will increase the liquidity of fund assets, but it can not guarantee the return of the fund. Secondly, large-scale redemption will affect the reputation of fund companies. In the fund market of our country, the idea of investors is not mature. When the fund encounters large-scale redemption, investors often form bad expectation for the fund.

When the open-end fund is redeemed on a large scale, the fund manager will face the dilemma of a large number of selling assets to realize. This situation will not only lead to the further decline of the net value of the fund, affect the operation of the open-end fund, and even threaten its continued existence, but also affect the financial stability of the securities market and even the whole country. Therefore, the goal of open-end fund liquidity management is to maintain the appropriate liquidity of fund assets under the condition of ensuring a certain level of income and net value growth of open-end fund, which is sufficient to meet the redemption requirements under market conditions and reduce the liquidity risk of assets.

To solve the liquidity risk of open-end funds, in addition to strengthening fund supervision, improving laws and regulations, and improving the investment environment, the internal management of funds is also very important. The management methods mainly include:

1. Optimize the allocation of fund assets. The principle of asset allocation is to divide and sort the assets according to the liquidity, and allocate the capital sources with different liquidity requirements to the assets with different liquidity. The sources of funds of open-end funds include: current savings of residents, idle funds of three types of enterprises, regular savings of residents, institutional funds such as securities companies, insurance funds and social security funds, etc. their demand for liquidity decreases from high to low. The allocation of assets by the fund manager shall take full account of the proportion of various sources of the fund. Most of the funds from the current savings of residents should be invested in the assets with strong liquidity, such as national bonds. For the long-term funds, such as life insurance funds and social security funds, appropriate amount can be used for the long-term held heavy stocks.

2. Make reasonable use of liabilities to supplement liquidity. Generally speaking, it is feasible for the fund to solve the short-term shortage of funds by using liabilities, but at present, the financing channels are very narrow. The main ways of using short-term financing include: bank short-term loans, bond repo, national debt repo, etc. when the fund has a huge redemption, the fund manager can actively raise funds from the outside to make up for the lack of liquidity. If fund managers can not alleviate the pressure of fund demand through external financing, internal financing is also a useful means. Internal financing refers to the financing within the fund industry and between different fund companies, mainly including fund lending and exchange.

3. Effective prediction of liquidity demand. The fund manager shall analyze the holders of the fund units, classify them according to their sources of funds, holding motives, sensitivity to the securities market, sensitivity to the interest rate and other factors, and make a comprehensive analysis with the overall trend of the stock market, fund performance, interest rate, investor preference and other factors. Then, it can realize the prediction of liquidity demand, so as to achieve the management of fund liquidity.

It can be seen that for open-end funds, accurate prediction of capital inflow and outflow plays an important role in reducing capital liquidity risk and satisfying daily business operation.


(不确定是谁的部分，也顺便加了进来)
Data description
The data we can get from Ant Financial Service Company mainly consists of four parts: basic information data of users, purchase and redemption data of users, return rate table and inter-bank lending rate table.
User profile table. In total, about 30000 users were randomly selected, some of them first appeared in September 2014, and these users are only in the test data. Therefore, the user information table is the basic data of about 28000 users. After processing the original data, it mainly includes the user's gender, city and constellation.
Data table of user purchase and redemption: user "balance" table. There are purchase and redemption information from 20130701 to 20140831, as well as all sub category information. The data has been desensitized. The data after desensitization basically maintained the original data trend. The data mainly includes user's operation time and operation record, which includes two parts: purchase and redemption. The unit of amount is RMB 0.01.
The return rate table is the everyday return rate of yu'ebao in 14 months:.
The inter-bank lending rate table is the inter-bank lending rate (all of which are annualized interest rates) for a period of 14 months.
In addition, we are also prepared to take the reverse repo rate data and the margin balance as supplementary data.
